I'm inventing a time machine.

I’m very serious about inventing this time machine; it’s all I care about. You and I might not think of the same thing when we think ‘time machine’, and that’s okay. My version is probably a little more ..abstract. That’s why I use conceptual art as my primary vehicle to network, fundraise, and communicate design plans to people who want to help make the time machine something we can scale and distribute to make things better for our many overlapping worlds.


A world piece computer.

The time machine is actually a new kind of computer. This computer is called a 'world piece computer'. A world piece computer helps the operator manage all the pieces in their world. It does this by running a 'world peace process'. By definition, a world peace process is a continuous and evolving way of making things better in a world by methodically empowering the operator to face up against their most difficult problems and conflicts.

Quality + Timespace.

In terms of what matters most to us in our inner worlds, the reality we experience makes sense only in the context of time. This is because the subjective quality of our inner experience relies on comparisons. It feels like 'this', because it does or does not feel like 'that'. The green of the summer trees are comparably different from the blue of the sky above. To make this comparison is to requires shifting focus between the two qualities, and the two qualities taken together. Even space itself requires time to make sense of distance. We can only determine the distance between objects by taking the time to measure it with a ruler, or a beam of light. This is an irrefutable fact of Human experience. So our experience of time...well it is actually just the experience of quality in general.

How does the timetravel work?

What a world piece computer does--what the world peace process does--is to empower it's operator to methodically travel between the past, present, and future. This travel may be real, or it may be imaginary. The imaginary is usuall a 'what if'. The real is usually a 'what'.

. Imaginary past :
 > 
. Real past : 
. Imaginary present :
. Real present : 
. Imaginary future :
. Real future : 

What's the point?

We all naturally invent our own time machines...our own world piece computers. These are the systems we put in place to manage our stuff. Most of us however, well we don't realize that it's actually a time machine that allows us to succeed or fail at living our best lives. Some people's world piece computers work better than others'. Those people are who we call 'successful' at whatever it is they set themself toward. People who are successful are rarely just lucky. They usually have some consistent way of 

What's the objective?

The big idea is to empower people to become more methodical and deliberate about their life-systems. I think the best way to do this is to draw from concepts that exist in modern science, mathematics, and technology...draw from the concepts that have proven to work so well in the outer world...and use this knowledge to inspire more effective components within an operator's world piece computer. 

Endgame: The Universal Peace Computer


